SPEAKING OF THE END OF THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION --
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
WERE WE TALKING ABOUT THAT?
I CAN'T REMEMBER.
I DON'T KNOW.
DO YOU GUYS REMEMBER THE
BEGINNING OF THE TRUMP
ADMINISTRATION?
SEVEN MONTHS AGO, SOMETHING LIKE
THAT.
JIM, DO WE HAVE A PICTURE OF
WHAT I LOOKED LIKE BACK THEN?
THERE YOU GO.
YEAH.
YOU'LL RECALL THAT IN THE FIRST
WEEK, BACK WHEN WE WERE GIVING
HIM A CHANCE, TRUMP WAS CALLING
ALL THE WORLD LEADERS, YOU KNOW,
GETTING TO KNOW THEM.
"HI, HELLO.
HI.
MY NAME IS DONALD.
I LIKE TO EAT STEAK.
WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?
HELLO?
HELLO?"
( PIANO RIFF )
( LAUGHTER )
TWO OF THE CALLS WERE WITH THE
PRESIDENT OF MEXICO AND THE
PRIME MINISTER OF AUSTRALIA.
RUMOR IS, THE CALLS DID NOT GO
WELL.
FIRST, TRUMP TALKED TO MEXICAN
PRESIDENT ENRIQUE PEÑA NIETO
AND, WENT HE GOT OFF THE PHONE,
SAID, "GREAT NEWS, THEY'RE
PAYING FOR THE WALL."
BUT PEÑA NIETO SAID, "QUE ESTAS
HABLANDO, WILLIS?"
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERING )
>> Jon: WHAT YOU TALKING
ABOUT, WILLIS?
>> Stephen: WILLIS KNOW
SPANISH?
( LAUGHTER )
SO, WHO DO YOU BELIEVE?
THE GUY WHO DENIED IT?
OR THE GUY WHO WAS LYING?
THERE WAS NO WAY TO KNOW-- UNTIL
THIS MORNING, WHEN THE
"WASHINGTON POST" PUBLISHED FULL
TRANSCRIPTS OF TRUMP'S CALLS
WITH THE LEADERS OF MEXICO AND
AUSTRALIA.
OKAY?
MEXICO AND AUSTRALIA.
OR AS TRUMP REFERS TO THEM, "BAD
HOMBRESTAN" AND "KOALA LAMPUR."
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
THAT'S WHERE THAT IS, RIGHT?
NOW, THESE TRANSCRIPTS SHOULD
NOT HAVE BEEN LEAKED.
THERE HAS TO BE SOMETHING THE
PRESIDENT CAN SAY TO OTHER WORLD
LEADERS WHERE HE CAN SPEAK
FRANKLY OR NOTHING CAN GET DONE.
SO BAD LEAKER, SHOULDN'T HAVE
DONE IT.
BUT YOU DID, SO LET'S JUST KEEP
GOING.
( LAUGHTER )
NOW, WITH MEXICAN PRESIDENT PEÑA
NIETO, TRUMP SHOWED THAT HE
REALLY DIDN'T CARE ABOUT THE
WALL, SAYING, "BELIEVE IT OR
NOT, THIS IS THE LEAST IMPORTANT
THING WE ARE TALKING ABOUT."
OH, I BELIEVE IT.
BECAUSE PEÑA NIETO SAID THIS:
"MY POSITION HAS BEEN AND WILL
CONTINUE TO BE VERY FIRM, SAYING
THAT MEXICO CANNOT PAY FOR THAT
WALL."
"BUT YOU CANNOT SAY THAT TO THE
PRESS.
THE PRESS IS GOING TO GO WITH
THAT AND I CANNOT LIVE WITH
THAT.
YOU CANNOT SAY THAT TO THE
PRESS."
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
NO, LISTEN --
"HERE'S WHAT YOU DO.
JUST LIE TO THEM AND, LATER WHEN
YOU'RE CAUGHT, CALL IT FAKE
NEWS.
IT WORKS."
( LAUGHTER )
THEN, TRUMP TRIED TO CONVINCE
PEÑA NIETO THAT THE WALL WAS HIS
PROBLEM TOO.
"THE FACT IS WE ARE BOTH IN A
LITTLE BIT OF A POLITICAL BIND
BECAUSE I HAVE TO HAVE MEXICO
PAY FOR THE WALL-- I HAVE TO."
( LAUGHTER )
YES, THEY WERE BOTH IN A BIND.
TRUMP NEEDS MEXICO TO PAY FOR
THE WALL, AND PEÑA NIETO NEEDS
TO GET HIS ENTIRE STAFF IN HERE
QUICK TO LISTEN TO THIS.
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
SAY IT AGAIN!
( LAUGHTER )
THEN TRUMP STARTING TALKING
SMACK ABOUT AMERICA: "I WON NEW
HAMPSHIRE BECAUSE NEW HAMPSHIRE
IS A DRUG-INFESTED DEN."
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
NO, NO, LISTEN!
YOU'VE GOT TO GIVE IT TO HIM.
IT'S RIGHT THERE ON THE WELCOME
SIGN --
WELCOME TO NEW HAMPSHIRE: A
DRUG-INFESTED DEN.
( LAUGHTER )
HEY, DONALD, YOU'RE THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES!
IT'S LIKE BEING A PARENT.
YOU HAVE TO LOVE ALL THE STATES
EQUALLY, EVEN IF ONE OF THEM IS
ERIC.
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
AND NEW HAMPSHIRE?
WHY?
I DON'T -- IN SUMMATION, HE
LIED -- AGAIN.
THE NEXT DAY TRUMP HAD A CALL
WITH AUSTRALIAN PRIME MINISTER
AND GUY EXPLAINING THE REVERSE
TOILET WATER THING FOR THE LAST
DAMN TIME, MALCOLM TURNBULL.
AT THE TIME, PEOPLE SAID TRUMP
LASHED OUT AT THE AUSTRALIAN
PRIME MINISTER ON THE PHONE
CALL.
TRUMP VEHEMENTLY DENIED THIS
STORY: "WE HAD A GREAT TELEPHONE
CALL.
YOU GUYS EXAGGERATED THAT CALL.
THAT WAS A BIG EXAGGERATION.
WE'RE NOT BABIES."
( LAUGHTER )
"NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME.
I'VE GOT A LOAD IN MY PANTS.
REINCE, IT'S BOOM-BOOM TIME."
( LAUGHTER )
ROUGH RIFF COME ON.
WARM IT UP.
WARM IT.
WARM UP THE WIPES.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT NOW WE HAVE A TRANSCRIPT OF
THAT CALL AND... HE LIED AGAIN.
BECAUSE TRUMP WAS REALLY UPSET
ON THE PHONE CALL ABOUT A DEAL
PRESIDENT OBAMA MADE ABOUT
ACCEPTING REFUGEES WHO WERE
WAITING IN AUSTRALIA, SAYING,
"MALCOLM, WHY IS THIS SO
IMPORTANT?
I DO NOT UNDERSTAND.
THIS IS GOING TO KILL ME.
I AM THE WORLD'S GREATEST PERSON
THAT DOES NOT WANT TO LET PEOPLE
INTO THE COUNTRY."
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
WAIT, HOLD ON -- I'D BOO, TOO,
BUT I CAN'T FIGURE OUT WHAT HE'S
SAYING.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IS HE THE WORLD'S GREATEST
PERSON, BUT HE DOESN'T WANT THEM
HERE?
OR IS HE THE WORLD'S GREATEST
PERSON AT KEEPING THEM OUT?
OR IS THAT JUST HOW TRUMP
DESCRIBES HIMSELF, NO MATTER
WHAT HE'S DOING?
"HELLO, DOMINOS.
I AM THE WORLD'S GREATEST
PERSON, WHO WOULD LIKE A MEDIUM
PEPPERONI."
THANK YOU
( LAUGHTER )
GREATEST.
( PIANO RIFF )
( LAUGHTER )
TRUMP EXPRESSED IN NO UNCERTAIN
TERMS WHY HE DIDN'T WANT THEIR
DAMN REFUGEES.
"I HATE TAKING THESE PEOPLE.
I GUARANTEE YOU THEY ARE BAD.
THEY ARE NOT GOING TO BE
WONDERFUL PEOPLE WHO GO ON TO
WORK FOR THE LOCAL MILK PEOPLE."
( LAUGHTER )
( BOOING )
( PIANO RIFF )
LOCAL.
MILK.
PEOPLE.
( LAUGHTER )
>> Jon: IS THAT A BAND?
>> Stephen: IS THAT THE NAME
OF A BAND?
>> Jon: YEAH, I THINK SO.
>> Stephen: LOCAL MILK PEOPLE?
>> Jon: LOCAL MILK PEOPLE.
>> Stephen: "WE ARE THE LOCAL
MILK PEOPLE!
THANK YOU, CHICAGO!"
OR ARE THEY A RACE OF "STAR
TREK" ALIENS?
"WE ARE THE MILK PEOPLE OF
CREAMOLON FIVE.
MAY THE KURDS BE WITH YOU."
( LAUGHTER )
COME WITH US INTO THE CAVE --
FOR SOMEONE WHO TALKS CONSTAN
ABOUT REPRESENTING THE FORGOTTEN
MEN AND WOMEN, HE CAN'T EVEN
REMEMBER THE JOB "DAIRY
FARMER."
( LAUGHTER )
"I CARE SO MUCH ABOUT THE
FORGOTTEN AMERICANS.
I WILL PROTECT THE SMALL TOWN
JOBS OF THE MILK PEOPLE AND THE
UNDERGROUND-SHOVELLING-
ELECTRICITY FOLKS, AND THE
MAKE-THE-CORN-NOT-BE-ON-THE-
PLANT-BUT-IN-MY-MOUTH GUYS!"
( LAUGHTER )
I LOVE THOSE GUYS --
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
THEN HIGH-ENERGY DON, ONE WEEK
INTO HIS PRESIDENCY, JUST GIVES
UP.
"I HAVE HAD IT.
I HAVE BEEN MAKING THESE CALLS
ALL DAY, AND THIS IS THE MOST
UNPLEASANT CALL ALL DAY.
PUTIN WAS A PLEASANT CALL."
( AUDIENCE REACTS )
"I GOTTA TELL YA, PUTIN WAS SO
EASY.
I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE TO DIAL.
I JUST PICKED UP THE PHONE AND
HE WAS LISTENING."